[ GASPS ]
BRIDGE TO ENGINEERING.
ENGINEERING, RESPOND!
[ FIRE CRACKLING ]
[ BEEPS ]
THIS IS THE WARSHIP KUMARI
CALLING IMPERIAL COMMAND.
BY A TELLARITE VESSEL.
WE'VE BEEN ATTACKED
PRIMARY SYSTEMS HAVE FAILED.
-REQUEST IMMEDIATE --
-[ EXPLOSION ]
ALERT.
WARP CONTAINMENT BREACH
IN TWO MINUTES.
TELLARITE SWINE!
THEY'LL PAY FOR THIS.
[ BEEPS ]
ALL CREW TO THE ESCAPE PODS!
THIS IS SHRAN.
ABANDON SHIP.
♪ IT'S BEEN A LONG ROAD ♪
♪ GETTING FROM THERE TO HERE ♪
♪ IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME ♪
♪ BUT MY TIME IS FINALLY NEAR ♪
♪ AND I WILL SEE MY DREAM
COME ALIVE AT LAST ♪
♪ I WILL TOUCH THE SKY ♪
♪ AND THEY'RE NOT GONNA
HOLD ME DOWN NO MORE ♪
♪ NO, THEY'RE NOT GONNA
CHANGE MY MIND ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'VE GOT FAITH ♪
♪ OF THE HEART ♪
♪ I'M GOING WHERE MY HEART
WILL TAKE ME ♪
♪ I'VE GOT FAITH TO BELIEVE ♪
♪ I CAN DO ANYTHING ♪
♪ I'VE GOT STRENGTH
OF THE SOUL ♪
♪ AND NO ONE'S GONNA BEND
OR BREAK ME ♪
♪ I CAN REACH ANY STAR ♪
♪ I'VE GOT FAITH ♪
♪ I'VE GOT, I'VE GOT, I'VE GOT ♪
♪ FAITH OF THE HEART ♪
THE FOOD ON THIS SHIP
ISN'T FIT FOR ANIMALS.
WOULD PROBABLY TASTE BETTER.
THAT MANGY PET OF YOURS
YOU CAN EITHER TAKE ME HOME
OR FIND A NEW CHEF.
IT'S THAT SIMPLE.
OH, SOMETHING ELSE.
I WANT NEW QUARTERS.
IS THAT SO?
MY ROOM IS TOO SMALL.
FOR ONE THING,
RUNNING ACROSS THE CEILING.
THERE ARE PLASMA CONDUITS
IT KEEPS ME UP ALL NIGHT.
IT'S NOISY,
MAYBE YOU'D SLEEP BETTER
IN THE CARGO BAY.
WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME?
THIS IS A STARSHIP,
NOT A LUXURY LINER.
IF YOU'RE NOT SATISFIED
WITH THE ACCOMMODATIONS,
WE CAN LEAVE YOU BEHIND
IN A SHUTTLEPOD.
MAYBE YOU'LL HAVE BETTER LUCK
WITH WHOEVER PICKS YOU UP.
CHEF'S FOOD, DON'T EAT IT.
AND IF YOU DON'T LIKE
FROM THE LOOKS OF THINGS,
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY SKIP
THE DESSERT TABLE
WHILE YOU'RE AT IT.
THAT WAS A NICE TOUCH.
[ LAUGHS ]
I'M SUPPOSED TO SPEAK
I CAN'T BELIEVE
TO THEIR AMBASSADOR LIKE THAT.
UH, TELLARITES ALWAYS HAVE
A LITANY OF COMPLAINTS.
IT'S HOW THEY START ARGUMENTS
WITH PEOPLE THEY'VE JUST MET.
EVEN IF THEY HAVE NOTHING
TO COMPLAIN ABOUT?
THEY'LL JUST INSULT YOU.
IN THAT CASE,
YOU HAVE TO RESPOND IN KIND,
WHATEVER THEY SAY,
OTHERWISE THEY'LL TAKE OFFENSE.
ACTUALLY THRIVES ON ARGUING.
A SPECIES THAT
THEY PROBABLY MAKE
GOOD POLITICIANS.
THANKS FOR THE DRY RUN.
I WASN'T KIDDING ABOUT PORTHOS.
UH, SIR?
YOU THINK HE'S MANGY?
NO. BUT YOU MIGHT WANT TO
KEEP HIM OUT OF SIGHT.
SOMETHING OF A, UH, DELICACY.
TELLARITES CONSIDER CANINES
CAPTAIN'S STARLOG,
NOVEMBER 12, 2154.
WE'VE ARRIVED IN ORBIT
OF TELLAR PRIME.
TO TRANSPORT THEIR AMBASSADOR
STARFLEET'S ORDERED US
TO A NEUTRAL PLANET
DESIGNATED AS BABEL
WHERE EARTH'S MEDIATORS
WILL TRY TO SETTLE
A LONG-STANDING TRADE DISPUTE
BETWEEN THE TELLARITES
AND THE ANDORIANS.
EVERYTHING READY
FOR OUR GUESTS?
WELL, JUST ABOUT.
WORKING TRIPLE SHIFTS
BUT MY PEOPLE ARE
THAT MUD BATH THEY WANTED.
TRYING TO FINISH
MUD BATH?
APPARENTLY, THE AMBASSADOR LIKES
A GOOD SOAK IN THE MORNING.
SOMETHING I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THESE TELLARITES
HAVE WARP SHIPS.
SO WHY DO WE HAVE TO TAKE THEM
TO THE CONFERENCE?
BABEL'S ON THE FAR SIDE
OF ANDORIAN SPACE.
THEY WON'T ALLOW TELLARITE SHIPS
TO PASS THROUGH THEIR TERRITORY.
NOW WE'RE A SHUTTLE SERVICE.
GET BACK TO EXPLORING?
WHEN ARE WE GONNA
THIS TRADE DISPUTE IS
A LITTLE MORE URGENT.
IT COULD TURN INTO A SHOOTING
WAR IF THE CONFERENCE FAILS.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
YOU PEOPLE ARE EVEN UGLIER
THAN I REMEMBER.
[ GRUNTS ]
CAPTAIN JONATHAN ARCHER.
WELCOME ABOARD.
AMBASSADOR GRAL.
THE PRIDE OF STARFLEET.
I'M TOLD THIS SHIP IS
AND UNIMPRESSIVE.
I FIND IT SMALL
FUNNY.
THE SAME THING ABOUT YOU.
I WAS ABOUT TO SAY
[ LAUGHING ]
YOU MAY SHOW US
TO OUR QUARTERS.
-[ BEEPS ]
-IT'S FAR TOO COLD
IN HERE.
ON THIS SHIP FOR FIVE DAYS?
WE'RE EXPECTED TO STAY
[ LAUGHS ]
I'M NOT REALLY A PILOT."
SO HE SAYS, "WELL,
[ CHUCKLES ]
UH, YOU DON'T GET IT.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
WARM ENOUGH?
THE TEMPERATURE BE INCREASED.
THE AMBASSADOR REQUESTED
AGAIN?
YOU KNOW, I LIKE THESE PEOPLE
MORE THAN I THOUGHT I WOULD.
THEY DON'T HOLD ANYTHING BACK.
IT'S REFRESHING.
SPEAKING YOUR MIND FOR A CHANGE.
YOU DON'T FEEL FREE
TO SPEAK YOUR MIND
WITH THE REST OF US?
-OH, YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN.
-NO.
TO EXPLAIN IT TO ME.
MAYBE YOU'D LIKE
CHANGE YOUR UNIFORM
WHY DON'T YOU
STINK UP THE PLACE?
BEFORE YOU
AH, PRACTICING YOUR TELLARITE.
I GET IT.
WHEN IN ROME...
I BEG YOUR PARDON?
FORGET IT.
WANTS TO SPEAK WITH YOU.
THE AMBASSADOR
WHAT A SURPRISE.
INTO ANDORIAN SPACE?
HAVE WE CROSSED
A FEW MINUTES AGO.
THE LAST TIME I WAS HERE,
I WAS ON THE COMMAND DECK
OF ONE OF OUR CRUISERS,
DRIVING THOSE BLUE DEMONS
BACK INTO THEIR TERRITORY.
THE ANDORIANS CAME TO YOUR AID
DURING THE XINDI CRISIS.
SAVE MY PLANET.
THEY HELPED
SO WHY SHOULD WE TRUST HUMANS
TO MEDIATE THIS DISPUTE?
YOU OWE THEM YOUR LIVES.
EARTH WANTS A PEACEFUL OUTCOME
JUST AS MUCH AS YOU DO.
THAT ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN
IF WE CHOOSE SIDES.
YOUR PEOPLE HAVE NO EXPERIENCE
IN INTERSTELLAR AFFAIRS.
IT DOESN'T SEEM THAT YOU HAVE
A LOT OF OTHER OPTIONS.
WENT TO A GREAT DEAL OF TROUBLE.
YOUR CHEF OBVIOUSLY
AUTHENTIC TELLARITE DISHES.
I'M TOLD THESE ARE
IF I'D WANTED TO EAT LIKE THIS,
I WOULD HAVE STAYED AT HOME.
EARTH CUISINE ON THIS JOURNEY.
I WAS EXPECTING TO SAMPLE
WHIP SOMETHING UP.
I'LL HAVE HIM
AHA.
Captain Archer to the bridge.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ BEEPING ]
WE'VE PICKED UP A MESSAGE
ON AN ANDORIAN CHANNEL.
IMPERIAL COMMAND.
KUMARI CALLING
-BEEN ATTACKED.
-[ STATIC ]
...PRIMARY SYSTEMS
HAVE FAILED.
REQUEST IMMEDI--
[ STATIC ]
THAT'S IT.
THEY HAVE NO SHIPS
WITHIN RANGE.
HOW LONG TO INTERCEPT THEM
AT MAXIMUM WARP?
TWO HOURS.
ALTER COURSE.
CONTACT BABEL. LET THEM KNOW
WE'RE GOING TO BE DELAYED.
THE DEBRIS PATTERN,
JUDGING BY
THEIR REACTOR BREACHED.
I'D SAY
QUANTITIES OF DURANIUM ALLOY.
I'M DETECTING SIGNIFICANT
AN ANDORIAN COMBAT VESSEL.
THIS WAS MOST LIKELY
[ BEEPING ]
MULTIPLE BIO-SIGNS.
ESCAPE PODS.
BRING THEM INTO THE LAUNCH BAY.
TELL PHLOX TO STAND BY
FOR CASUALTIES.
THIS WOULD BE EASIER IF YOU'D
TAKE A FEW STEPS BACK.
I HOPE YOU'VE STUDIED
ANDORIAN PHYSIOLOGY.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
HOW MANY OF MY CREW
DID YOU RESCUE?
19.
OUR COMPLEMENT WAS 86.
SAID YOU WERE ATTACKED.
YOUR DISTRESS CALL
TELLARITES!
ESCORTING OUR AMBASSADOR
WE WERE
WHEN THEY DROPPED OUT OF WARP.
TO THE TRADE CONFERENCE
WAS DESTROYED IN SECONDS.
THE AMBASSADOR'S SHIP
TELLARITES CRIPPLED US
WITH THEIR NEXT SHOT.
I'VE NEVER SEEN
MANEUVER LIKE THIS ONE.
ONE OF THEIR VESSELS
HAVE BEEN TALKING PEACE,
WHILE THOSE BARBARIANS
THEY'VE OBVIOUSLY BEEN IMPROVING
THEIR WARSHIPS.
WHY WOULD THE TELLARITES
AGREE TO LET EARTH
MEDIATE YOUR DISPUTE IF THEY
WERE PLANNING THIS STRIKE?
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD ASK THEM.
FOR OUR DATA RECORDER.
I SUGGEST YOU SCAN
THE SENSOR LOGS OF THE ATTACK.
IT WILL CONTAIN
INTO EACH OTHER, CAPTAIN.
WE SEEM TO KEEP RUNNING
ENTERPRISE WAS CLOSE BY.
IT'S FORTUNATE
IT'S NOT A COINCIDENCE.
THE TELLARITE DELEGATION.
WE'RE CARRYING
THEY'RE ABOARD THIS SHIP?
THESE AREN'T THE PEOPLE
WHO ATTACKED YOU.
THEY MAY KNOW WHO DID.
SHRAN!
YOU'RE ON MY SHIP.
YOU'D BETTER KEEP THEM
AWAY FROM US,
OR THERE WILL BE BLOODSHED.
[ BEEPING ]
THESE HULL FRAGMENTS.
I'VE ANALYZED
WITH TELLARITE PARTICLE CANNONS.
THE DAMAGE IS CONSISTENT
WHAT ABOUT THE BLACK BOX?
THE MEMORY CORE WAS DAMAGED.
BUT I WAS ABLE TO RECONSTRUCT
THE LAST FEW SECONDS
OF SENSOR DATA.
TELLARITES.
SET COURSE FOR ANDORIA.
BEST SPEED.
THESE ACCUSATIONS ARE ABSURD.
WITH THIS ALLEGED ATTACK.
WE HAD NOTHING TO DO
THE ANDORIAN SENSOR LOGS.
LOOK THEM OVER YOURSELF.
LOGS CAN BE FABRICATED.
YOU SAW THE DEBRIS FIELD.
FOR ALL WE KNOW, THEY DESTROYED
THE SHIP THEMSELVES.
IS MORE ADVANCED THAN OURS.
ANDORIAN TECHNOLOGY
WOULDN'T STAND A CHANCE
ONE OF OUR CRUISERS
AGAINST TWO OF THEIRS.
PEOPLE, FIND OUT WHAT YOU CAN.
I WANT YOU TO SPEAK TO YOUR
WITH SO MANY ANDORIANS ABOARD!
I AM NOT COMFORTABLE
CONTACT YOUR SUPERIORS.
HAVE THEM TRANSFERRED
TO ANOTHER VESSEL.
LET'S GET SOMETHING STRAIGHT.
YOU'RE JUST A PASSENGER
ON MY SHIP.
I GIVE THE ORDERS.
-WHERE ARE YOU TAKING THEM?
-BACK TO ANDORIA.
THEY'LL ARREST US.
YOU CAN'T.
THEY'LL HOLD US RESPONSIBLE
FOR THIS INCIDENT.
IF YOU'RE INNOCENT,
NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
I'M SURE YOU HAVE
[ GROANS ]
TO THE KUMARI.
FROM WHAT I SAW...
SHE WAS A FINE SHIP
WITH A GOOD CREW.
I WAS IN COMMAND FOR 12 YEARS.
THE FIRST SHIP OF HER CLASS.
I'D SERVED WITH EVEN LONGER.
MOST OF THE CREW
THAN COLLEAGUES.
THEY WERE MORE
I KNEW THEIR SPOUSES,
THEIR CHILDREN.
I'M GRATEFUL TALAS SURVIVED.
IF I LOST HER...
THERE WAS SOMETHING
I DIDN'T REALIZE
BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU.
GOING ON
IT'S A RECENT DEVELOPMENT.
I NEVER WOULD HAVE CONSIDERED
IN THE PAST,
A RELATIONSHIP WITH SOMEONE
UNDER MY COMMAND.
WHAT CHANGED?
AGGRESSIVE THAN EARTH FEMALES.
ANDORIAN WOMEN ARE FAR MORE
SHE MADE AN OVERTURE.
I HAD A CHOICE.
ASSAULTING A SUPERIOR OR...
CHARGE HER WITH
MATE WITH HER.
THE RIGHT DECISION.
I HOPE YOU MADE
I REGRET THAT YOU'RE DRAWN
INTO ANOTHER OF OUR CONFLICTS,
CAPTAIN.
A KNACK FOR IT.
I SEEM TO HAVE
CAN BE AVOIDED THIS TIME
I DOUBT THAT WAR
IS SEEN BY THE IMPERIAL COMMAND.
WHEN THAT SENSOR DATA
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
THEN ATTACK YOUR AMBASSADOR?
WHY AGREE TO A CONFERENCE,
TELLARITES DON'T THINK
LIKE YOU OR I DO.
THEY'VE BEEN PROVOKING US
FOR MONTHS.
WE'VE LOST SIX FREIGHTERS
ALONG THE BORDER.
WE KNOW THEY'RE RESPONSIBLE.
TELLARITES CLAIM THEY'VE
LOST SHIPS OF THEIR OWN.
YOU'D ACCEPT THEIR WORD
OVER OURS?
[ BEEPS ]
T'Pol to Captain Archer.
GO AHEAD.
on an intercept course.
There's a ship
It's Andorian.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
YOU EXPECTING COMPANY?
HAIL THEM.
[ BEEPS ]
-THEY'RE NOT RESPONDING.
-[ ALARM BEEPING ]
I'M READING A POWER BUILD-UP.
THEY'RE OPENING FIRE.
WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY DOING?
OUR WARP FIELD'S
DESTABILIZING.
WE'RE DROPPING TO IMPULSE.
CALL THEM OFF.
LET ME TALK TO THEM.
THIS IS COMMANDER SHRAN
OF THE IMPERIAL GUARD.
CALL OFF YOUR ATTACK!
MY CREW IS ABOARD THIS SHIP.
ABORT YOUR ATTACK.
DO YOU HEAR ME?
PHASE CANNONS, RETURN FIRE.
-[ BEEPING ]
-NO DAMAGE.
WE NEED TO GET THROUGH
THEIR SHIELDS. HOW?
THEY'RE GONNA KILL ALL OF US
IF YOU DON'T DO SOMETHING.
[ EXPLOSION ]
YOUR TARGETING ARRAY.
I NEED TO ACCESS
THESE ARE THE COORDINATES
TO THEIR SHIELD GENERATOR.
FIRE WHEN READY.
-DIRECT HIT.
-[ BEEPING ]
THEIR SHIELDS ARE
STILL AT MAXIMUM.
IMPOSSIBLE.
SHRAN!
OUR DORSAL PLATING'S
ALMOST GONE.
STARBOARD THRUSTERS ARE DOWN.
TORPEDOES, MAXIMUM YIELD.
THEY'RE MOVING OFF.
THERE'S A FLUCTUATION
IN THEIR POWER GRID.
GOOD WORK.
THAT WASN'T MY DOING, SIR.
THEIR POWER GRID.
I DIDN'T TARGET
ASKED US TO BE A PART
YOUR GOVERNMENT
AND NOW YOU'RE ATTACKING US?
OF THIS CONFERENCE,
THIS MAKES PERFECT SENSE,
CAPTAIN.
THEY SENT OUT A DISTRESS CALL
TO LURE YOU INTO A TRAP.
WE HAVE NO ARGUMENT
WITH STARFLEET.
TRIED TO DESTROY THIS SHIP!
YOUR PEOPLE
CAPTAIN, I ASSURE YOU,
DOES NOT REPRESENT
WHAT HAPPENED
THE WILL OR INTENT
OF MY GOVERNMENT.
ADMIT THE TRUTH.
THE IMPERIAL GUARD
NEVER WANTED
THIS CONFERENCE
TO TAKE PLACE.
THEY'VE OBVIOUSLY TAKEN MATTERS
INTO THEIR OWN HANDS.
IMPERIAL GUARD'S BEEN DISLOYAL?
ARE YOU IMPLYING THE
I DON'T HAVE TO
IMPLY ANYTHING.
THE FACTS SPEAK
FOR THEMSELVES.
THAT MAY NOT HAVE BEEN
AN ANDORIAN SHIP.
-ITS SHIELD MATRIX
-WHAT?
DIFFERENT CONFIGURATION.
HAD A COMPLETELY
SUPPOSED TO PROVE?
WHAT IS THAT
HAVE BEEN REPORTED MISSING
SEVERAL OF OUR WARSHIPS
OVER THE YEARS.
THE TELLARITES COULD HAVE
TAKEN ONE OF THEM,
ENHANCED ITS SYSTEMS.
[ LAUGHS ] HE'S SUFFERING
FROM PARANOIA, CAPTAIN.
I'M NOT PARANOID!
TRYING TO KILL US.
YOUR PEOPLE ARE
I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF YOUR LIES.
THAT'S ENOUGH!
[ GROWLS ]
YOU WANT TO FIGHT?
I'LL THROW BOTH OF YOU
IN THE BRIG.
YOU CAN TEAR EACH OTHER
TO PIECES.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHAT HAPPENED?
TO BE IMPARTIAL.
ARCHER CLAIMS
BUT IT'S OBVIOUS HE'S INCLINED
TO BELIEVE THE ANDORIANS.
WE MAY HAVE MADE A MISTAKE
IN TRUSTING THESE HUMANS.
THEY'VE POSTED SOLDIERS
OUTSIDE OUR QUARTERS.
WE'RE PRISONERS ON THIS SHIP.
HAVE YOU STOPPED TO CONSIDER
ARCHER MAY BE CONSPIRING
WITH THE ANDORIANS?
YOU'RE GONNA WANT TO SEE.
T'POL'S FOUND SOMETHING
WE RETRIEVED THIS FROM YOUR
SHIP'S DATA RECORDER.
THE POWER SIGNATURE
THIS IS
THAT DESTROYED THE KUMARI.
OF THE VESSEL
[ BEEPS ]
THIS SIGNATURE BELONGS
TO THE ANDORIAN SHIP
THAT ATTACKED ENTERPRISE.
THEY'RE IDENTICAL.
THAT CAN'T BE CORRECT.
EXAMINE THE DATA YOURSELF.
ARE UNSOPHISTICATED.
YOUR SENSORS
THERE'S BEEN A MISTAKE.
WE'VE CONFIRMED THE DATA.
WHAT ARE YOU SUGGESTING?
ARE ACTUALLY THE SAME SHIP?
THAT THESE TWO VESSELS
WHAT I'M SUGGESTING.
I DON'T KNOW
KEEP OUR MINDS OPEN.
BUT WE NEED TO
THE TELLARITES HAVE VIOLATED
WE'VE MADE WITH THEM.
EVERY ACCORD
THEY CAN'T BE TRUSTED.
A PEACEFUL RESOLUTION
YOUR DESIRE FOR
IS BLINDING YOU
FROM THE TRUTH.
-I'VE HEARD ENOUGH FROM YOU!
-COMMANDER, PERHAPS --
VULCANS ARE EXPERT LIARS.
PERHAPS YOUR PEOPLE
ARE BEHIND THIS.
TO MY FIRST OFFICER.
YOU'RE SPEAKING
Tucker to the bridge.
GO AHEAD.
ONLINE IN 10 MINUTES.
WARP ENGINES WILL BE
WE'LL HAVE HULL PLATING BACK
WITHIN AN HOUR.
Keep me updated.
OF THE SHIP THAT ATTACKED US.
WE'VE LOCATED THE WARP TRAIL
WE'RE GOING TO FOLLOW IT.
IN SERIOUS CONDITION.
SOME OF MY CREW ARE
THEY NEED ATTENTION
FROM OUR PHYSICIANS.
IT'LL TAKE FOUR DAYS
TO GET TO ANDORIA.
THAT SHIP WILL BE LONG GONE.
BY THEN,
SOMETHING WRONG
WITH YOUR MEAL?
I'M JUST NOT HUNGRY.
WE'RE MOVING TOO FAST?
DO YOU THINK
COMMANDER TUCKER BELIEVES
IT'S SAFE TO MAINTAIN
THIS WARP FACTOR.
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT.
ON THE OUTCOME OF THESE TALKS.
EARTH'S GOT A LOT RIDING
WHAT WE WERE GETTING INTO.
BUT I'M NOT SURE WE KNEW
THESE PEOPLE HAVE BEEN FEUDING
FOR OVER A CENTURY.
YOUR GOVERNMENT HANDLE THIS.
MAYBE WE SHOULD HAVE LET
HAVE IMPROVED RECENTLY,
ALTHOUGH OUR RELATIONS
IT'S CLEAR THE ANDORIANS
DON'T TRUST US.
ASIDE FROM BREATHING OXYGEN,
THAT ANDORIANS AND TELLARITES
IT DOESN'T SEEM TO ME
HAVE A HELL OF A LOT
IN COMMON.
ABOUT HUMANS AND VULCANS.
THE SAME HAS BEEN SAID
YOU GOT A TRANSMISSION
HOSHI TELLS ME
FROM VULCAN THIS MORNING.
IT WAS A PERSONAL MESSAGE.
IT WAS FROM KOSS.
OUR MARRIAGE HAS BEEN
OFFICIALLY DISSOLVED.
I'M SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
TO APOLOGIZE FOR.
YOU HAVE NOTHING
Bridge to Captain Archer.
ARCHER.
the Andorian ship, sir.
I believe we've found
WE'RE ON OUR WAY.
REPORT.
TO LOCATE THE MALFUNCTION.
I'VE BEEN UNABLE
DOUBLE YOUR EFFORTS.
THEN I SUGGEST YOU
THIS IS ENEMY TERRITORY.
ANY LONGER WITHOUT --
WE CAN'T REMAIN HERE
[ ALARM BEEPING ]
THERE'S A VESSEL APPROACHING.
SHOW ME.
YOU SAID YOU FOUND
THE ANDORIANS.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT, SIR.
ENDS RIGHT HERE.
THE WARP TRAIL
THEIR PRIMARY SYSTEMS
ARE OFFLINE.
HAIL THEM.
[ BEEPING ]
NO RESPONSE.
BIO-SIGNS ARE INDETERMINATE.
MAGNIFY.
ANY IDEA WHAT THE SPIKES ARE?
SUBSPACE TRANSCEIVERS.
THEY APPEAR TO BE
WHY WOULD THEY NEED SO MANY?
WITH MULTI-SPECTRAL EMITTERS.
THEIR HULL IS ALSO LINED
FOR WHAT PURPOSE?
I PREFER NOT TO SPECULATE.
WHO THESE PEOPLE ARE.
FIND OUT
TAKE A TEAM OF MACOs
WITH YOU.
THEIR LIFE SUPPORT'S OFFLINE.
SEE IF HE CAN GET IT WORKING.
BRING TRIP ALONG.
YOU TWO, START DOWN THERE.
YES, LIEUTENANT.
THIS WHOLE SECTION'S
DEPRESSURIZED.
[ GRUNTS ]
LET'S HOPE THE REST OF THIS SHIP
ISN'T AS CRAMPED.
THROUGH THESE BULKHEADS.
I CAN'T READ ANYTHING
STAY ALERT.
STILL ISN'T FUNCTIONING.
THE PROPULSION MATRIX
HOW MUCH LONGER?
THE REPAIRS ARE UNDERWAY.
-PREPARE TO OVERLOAD
THE CORE.
-WHAT?
THE MATRIX IN TIME,
IF WE CAN'T REPAIR
I'LL DO WHATEVER IS NECESSARY
TO KEEP IT AWAY
FROM STARFLEET.
[ BEEPS ]
TUCKER TO ENTERPRISE.
Go ahead.
ANY WELCOMING PARTIES YET.
WE HAVEN'T RUN INTO
A COMPUTER INTERFACE,
WE'VE FOUND
NO POWER OVER HERE.
BUT THERE'S
I'M GONNA NEED T'POL'S HELP
TO BRING IT ONLINE.
UPLINK YOUR SCANNER.
[ ENERGY HUMMING ]
-I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
-WHAT'S HAPPENING?
SIR.
GET OUR PEOPLE BACK!
EVASIVE MANEUVERS.
[ GRUNTING ]
AAH!
TO COME HOME WHENEVER YOU ARE.
CAPTAIN, WE'RE READY
THEIR HULL PLATING.
THEY'VE REINFORCED
WE CAN ONLY TRANSPORT
ONE AT A TIME.
AND MYERS FIRST!
TAKE CARENDER
ONE OF THE MACOs IS ABOARD.
OUR E.P.S. COUPLINGS.
THEY'VE HIT
SWITCH TO AUXILIARY.
TARGET THEIR WEAPONS ONLY.
UGH!
WE'RE LOSING HULL PLATING.
TRANSPORTER'S OFFLINE.
-DID WE GET EVERYONE?
-JUST THE MACOS.
T'POL.
PHASE COIL IS FUSED.
THE PRIMARY
IT'LL TAKE SEVERAL HOURS
TO REPAIR IT.
[ ALARM BEEPS ]
DECOMPRESSION ON C-DECK,
SECTION 3.
WE HAVE TO WITHDRAW.
ARCHER TO TRIP.
We've lost the transporter.
UNDERSTOOD.
Sit tight until we
come back for you.
WE'LL BE FINE, SIR.
GET US OUT OF HERE, TRAVIS.
MAXIMUM WARP.
THEY'RE RETREATING.
PURSUIT COURSE.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ AIR HISSING ]
[ GASPING ]
TRIP!
[ HISSING STOPS ]
[ GASPING ]
YOU'RE DOWN TO EIGHT MINUTES.
[ SIGHS ]
THANKS.
WE'RE NOT GONNA GET VERY FAR
ONLY SHARING YOUR SUPPLY.
I'LL TRY TO GET THEIR
LIFE SUPPORT ONLINE.
RIGHT.
WITH OUR LUCK, THEY PROBABLY
BREATHE FLUORINE.
WARP 4.9.
THEY'RE STILL CLOSING.
WARP 5.
THEY'VE MATCHED OUR SPEED.
NEW INJECTORS CAN DO.
LET'S SEE WHAT THOSE
5.02.
.04.
5.06.
THEY'RE FALLING BEHIND.
THE INJECTOR'S STABILIZED.
WE'RE HOLDING SPEED.
MAINTAIN YOUR HEADING.
YOU'RE GOING TO WEAR OUT
THE DECK PLATING.
COMMANDER.
GRAL KNOWS MORE ABOUT THESE
ATTACKS THAN HE'S ADMITTING.
HOW CAN ARCHER BE SO BLIND?
WE HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO LET HIM
DEAL WITH THE SITUATION.
I'M NOT GOING TO ENTRUST
THE SECURITY OF ANDORIA
TO THE PINK-SKINS
OR ANYONE ELSE!
THE TELLARITES ONCE!
WE TRUSTED
THAT MISTAKE AGAIN.
WE WON'T MAKE
WITH THE APPROPRIATE
PERSUASION,
GRAL WILL TALK.
OF A THOROUGH INTERROGATION.
I DOUBT ARCHER'S CAPABLE
QUESTION HIM MYSELF.
THEN I'LL HAVE TO
OUTSIDE OUR QUARTERS.
THERE ARE GUARDS
WE DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT DECK
THE AMBASSADOR'S ON.
THEIR SECURITY PROTOCOLS?
CAN YOU BYPASS
-I CAN'T FIND ANYTHING
-ANY LUCK?
AN ATMOSPHERE RECYCLER.
THAT EVEN LOOKS LIKE
I'M STARTING TO WONDER
IF THIS SHIP EVEN
HAS LIFE-SUPPORT.
THEY MUST HAVE ATMOSPHERE
ON THEIR BRIDGE.
THEY DON'T MIND SHARING.
WELL, LET'S HOPE
HAS MOVED OUT OF SENSOR RANGE.
THE STARFLEET SHIP
THE HUMANS HAVE SEEN TOO MUCH.
WE CAN'T ALLOW THEM TO ESCAPE.
THIS VESSEL IS A PROTOTYPE.
IT WASN'T READY FOR COMBAT.
I TOLD YOU
FIND THEM.
CAPTAIN'S STARLOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
OUR BATTLE DAMAGE
HAS BEEN REPAIRED,
AND WE'VE RESUMED OUR SEARCH
FOR THE ALIEN VESSEL.
[ DOOR CHIMES ]
COME IN.
COMMANDER TUCKER SENT BACK.
I ANALYZED THE DATA
TO BE TELLARITE OR ANDORIAN.
THE SHIP DOESN'T APPEAR
DO WE HAVE ANY IDEA
WHO BUILT IT?
THERE'S A REMOTE POSSIBILITY.
UTILIZES BORIDIUM CELLS.
ITS POWER MATRIX
A SIMILAR TECHNOLOGY
WE ENCOUNTERED
MORE THAN TWO YEARS AGO.
THE ROMULAN MINEFIELD.
BUT THE POWER CELLS
ON THOSE MINES
AND MORE PRIMITIVE.
WERE MUCH LARGER
A REMOTE POSSIBILITY.
I DID SAY IT WAS
IF THIS IS A ROMULAN SHIP,
WHY WOULD THEY BE STIRRING UP
TROUBLE SO FAR FROM HOME?
THEY HAVE BEEN KNOWN
TO ACT AGGRESSIVELY
THEY SEE AS A THREAT.
AGAINST SPECIES
WE'VE NEVER THREATENED THEM.
AS FAR AS I KNOW,
THE ANDORIANS OR TELLARITES.
NEITHER HAVE
MAYBE THEY'RE AFRAID
OF SOMETHING ELSE.
THE SPECIES IN THIS REGION HAVE
A HISTORY OF NOT GETTING ALONG.
THIS CONFERENCE
COULD HAVE BEEN
IN CHANGING THAT.
THE FIRST STEP
THEY FEAR AN ALLIANCE?
YOU BELIEVE
THE CONFERENCE HAS BEEN
POSTPONED INDEFINITELY.
IT DOESN'T SOUND LIKE
THERE'S GONNA BE AN ALLIANCE
ANY TIME SOON.
ANYTHING FROM TRIP?
WE'RE STILL TOO FAR AWAY
TO DETECT A COMM SIGNAL.
WELL, KEEP ME UPDATED.
[ THUDDING ]
ANOTHER ACCESS TUBE.
IF THIS SHIP EVEN HAS A BRIDGE.
I'M STARTING TO WONDER
YEAH.
TO 26 MINUTES, MALCOLM.
YOUR AIR'S DOWN
PERHAPS IT'S ON ONE
OF THE LOWER LEVELS.
THAT SAYS THE BRIDGE
THERE'S NO RULE
AT THE TOP OF THE SHIP.
HAS TO BE
YOU SEE THESE DATA CONDUITS?
UH-HUH.
CHANCES ARE THEY CONVERGE
ON THE BRIDGE.
OFFICER'S NO LONGER MARRIED.
SO, I UNDERSTAND OUR FIRST
YEAH?
WHAT YOUR INTENTIONS WERE.
WELL, I WAS WONDERING
WELL, WHO ARE YOU,
HER FATHER?
SIMPLY CURIOUS.
[ LAUGHS ] NO.
WE'VE GOT SOMETHING.
MALCOLM. MALCOLM!
WHAT IS IT?
A MANEUVERING THRUSTER.
PERHAPS THEY'LL BE KIND ENOUGH
TO GIVE US THE SPECS.
IT'S CHEMICALLY FUELED.
LIQUID HYDROGEN...
AND OXYGEN.
WE COULD REFILL OUR TANKS.
CAN I HELP YOU?
I WAS HOPING WE COULD TALK.
I DOUBT YOU'RE AWARE OF THIS.
HOW COULD YOU BE?
ANDORIAN WOMEN ARE PERMITTED
BEFORE THEIR WEDDING.
ONE FINAL CONQUEST
WITH A MEMBER OF YOUR SPECIES.
I'VE NEVER HAD RELATIONS
I WAS HOPING YOU'D INDULGE ME.
GO BACK TO YOUR QUARTERS.
YOU WON'T EVEN CONSIDER IT?
[ BEEPING ]
WHAT IS IT?
THERE'S A PROBLEM WITH ONE
OF THE LIQUID FUEL TANKS.
ANOTHER MALFUNCTION?
NO.
THE STARBOARD TRANSFER VALVE
HAS BEEN OPENED -- MANUALLY.
ACTIVATE INTERNAL SENSORS.
[ SIGHS ]
HOW ARE YOU HOLDING UP?
A LITTLE LIGHT-HEADED.
THAT'S NOTHING NEW.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER.
ABOUT WHAT?
WITH A FELLOW OFFICER.
GETTING INVOLVED
THERE'S NOTHING GOING ON
BETWEEN US ANYMORE,
IF YOU'RE INTERESTED.
THAT'S NOT WHY I ASKED.
WELL, YOU SAID SHE HAD
AN AWFULLY NICE BUM.
THIS IS TRUE.
PURE OXYGEN.
BE MY GUEST.
[ SIGHING ]
THANKS.
HOLD.
MAGNIFY THAT IMAGE.
HUMANS.
IF THEY MAKE THEIR WAY
TO THE BRIDGE...
ARE THE INERTIAL STABILIZERS
OFFLINE?
THEY ARE.
EVASIVE MANEUVERS.
[ GRUNTING ]
MAGNETIZE YOUR BOOTS.
WE MUSTN'T BE -- WHAT IS THIS?
[ GRUNTS ]
[ GASPING ]
MY SHIP WAS ATTACKED.
I WANT TO KNOW WHY
AND THEN YOU'RE
GOING TO ANSWER
AGAINST MY PEOPLE.
FOR YOUR CRIMES
WHAT DID YOU FIND?
WE'VE DISCOVERED THE FUNCTION
OF THE EMITTERS ON THEIR HULL.
HOLOGRAPHIC PROJECTORS.
THEY'RE
IT'S A CAMOUFLAGE SYSTEM.
APPEARANCE OF ALMOST ANY SHIP.
THEY CAN USE IT TO MIMIC THE
THE ANDORIAN DEBRIS.
MALCOLM ANALYZED
HE SAID THAT SHIP WAS DESTROYED
BY TELLARITE WEAPONS.
THEIR DISRUPTOR UTILIZES
TRI-PHASIC EMITTERS.
[ BEEPS ]
THEY CAN SIMULATE DIFFERENT
KINDS OF WEAPONS.
THE ONE THING THEY COULDN'T MASK
IS THEIR POWER SIGNATURE.
THAT'S WHY --
Security to Captain Archer.
GO AHEAD.
THERE'S WEAPONS FIRE ON G-DECK,
THE TELLARITES' QUARTERS.
OUTSIDE
GET THE MACOs DOWN THERE.
ON MY WAY.
SEAL OFF G-DECK.
WE KNOW YOUR GOVERNMENT'S
BEHIND THE DISAPPEARANCE
OF OUR FREIGHTERS.
TO DO WITH THAT!
WE HAD NOTHING
YOU MAY HAVE BEEN ABLE
TO CONVINCE ARCHER,
BUT I'M NOT SO GULLIBLE.
ABOUT STARFLEET WEAPONS,
I DON'T KNOW A LOT
BUT I BELIEVE THIS SETTING
THAT THICK HIDE OF YOURS.
WILL BORE RIGHT THROUGH
THE TRUTH -- NOW!
[ GASPS ]
-COVER!
-GO!
STAY OUT OF THIS, PINK-SKIN.
SHRAN, LISTEN TO ME.
THE SHIP THAT ATTACKED YOU
WASN'T TELLARITE.
I WAS THERE!
[ SCOFFS ]
IT WAS SOMEONE ELSE.
I CAN PROVE
YOU'RE BOTH BEING SET UP.
YOUR SHIP WAS ATTACKED
BECAUSE SOMEONE
DIDN'T WANT THIS CONFERENCE
TO GO FORWARD.
WHO?
I'M ASKING YOU...
ONE CAPTAIN TO ANOTHER...
LOOK AT THE EVIDENCE
BEFORE YOU DO SOMETHING
YOU'RE GONNA REGRET.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ GASPING ]
GET PHLOX DOWN HERE.
HOW BAD?
IT'S ONLY SUPERFICIAL.
YOU'LL BE FINE.
The bridge should be
through there!
[ RUMBLING ]
THEY'VE ENTERED THE BRIDGE.